## FIND MY BAG!

### Junction 2019 Hackathon
##### Track: FUTURE CITIES
##### Partner: Qoco
##### Challenge: Smooth Travels
##### Team: The Markhors

Airlines losing your luggage is a story as old as airlines themselves. You land after a long flight, go to the luggage claim area and wait, and wait. On the conveyor belt many bags look like yours but are being picked by other travelers. Your worst fear starts settling in and eventually you realize your bag’s not there at all. Then you reach for the airline and learns that not only you bag is not around, they have actually no idea where it is. Another nightmare that travelers usually face it when after a long wait they get their luggage, their happiness is soured by finding that its damaged!

**FIND MY BAG!** is an application which targets to resolve precisely these problems face by millions around the year. By using QR Codes and live tracking it provides an innovative solution based on prevention rather reactive responses. The idea is quite simple; along every boarding pass a QR code generated by this app is sticked to your luggage.  Then every step of the way this QR Code can be scanned by our app and events concerning the luggage are sent in real time to end user as a push notification.

Our major focus has been to keep **FIND MY BAG!** universally available and easily accessible. To do so we have created easily accessible React Progressive Web App as our front-end. And to ensure robustness and scalability of real time events we have employed Azure Cloud services and Firebase Cloud Messaging. 

There is a lot of potential to scale this solution and we have kept this in mind while building the infrastructure. Hence in future we can harness the data to provide AI based solutions and early detections of luggage damage/lost scenarios . Moreover, in terms of UI/UX there is also room for improvements.


*Process flow and tech architecure diagrams can be found in /presentation*